applications: nrf_desktop: Add leds documentation (#1100)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/led_state.rst

.. led_state:

led_state module
################

> :ref:`led_state` module is used to update LED state depending on BLE connection state and system state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :ref:`led_state` module is used to update the LED state based on the BLE connection state and the system state.
```
